when the owner and operator of a
mysterious island invites a collection
of guests to live out their most
elaborate fantasies in relative
seclusion chaos quickly descends
welcome to total recaps
today we will explain a 2020 fantasy
action titled fantasy island take a seat
and enjoy
a small aircraft can be seen approaching
a beautiful island and a girl called
julia rushes into her boss's office to
tell him that visitors have arrived
melanie exits the aircraft first
followed by jd and his brother brax
as soon as patrick exits the aircraft he
goes to assist gwen
julia mr rourke's personal assistant
meets them on the dock
damon is watching them from afar
jd and brax are instructed to wait at
the bar while the others go to their
rooms
unpacking starts as patrick has an odd
meeting with his valet
julia invites gwen into her room and
they discuss rorke's ability to fulfill
everyone's dreams on the island
julia offers her a cryptic response and
she gets a nosebleed leaving gwen's room
after preparing for the evening gwen
investigates and finds a reflection of a
burnt guy who isn't there when she turns
around she later joins the others as jd
and brax wait for their room and tease
patrick melanie interrupts their
discussion asking everyone what their
fantasy is but they end up discussing
about how it's done instead
suddenly rourke appears and formally
welcomes everyone to fantasy island
explaining the two rules only one
fantasy per person and they must
complete their dreams
only the island knows how the fantasy
will end
the brothers are the first visitors to
start with he fantasy so rorke brings
them to the fantasy telling them they
wanted it all
they receive a big house with a party
their fantasy continues until the
strange figure of the burnt guy arrives
the next day rourke invites gwen to ask
her about her fantasy telling her that
the dream in her questionnaire is more
abstract but he welcomes the challenge
boyne tells rorke that she wishes she
had a daughter with her ex-boyfriend
alan and that she regrets rejecting his
marriage proposal
to alter the moment rourke gets up and
leads her to a door that houses her
hidden dream
it's been five years since alan proposed
to gwen and he's still waiting for her
at the restaurant where he proposed
when they arrive work encourages gwen to
relax
she is first perplexed believing they
have brought her actual allen to the
island
rourke assures her that on fantasy
island everything is possible
patrick and melanie also discuss their
desires
he tells her he wants to play military
since he wanted to be one but became a
policeman after an event
melanie's dream is to have a revenge on
her high school bully
she was so disturbed by her that she had
to visit a shrink they all called doctor
torture rorke arrives and gives melanie
instructions for her dream so she walks
to an elevator that brings her to a
control room
when melanie presses the trigger her
bully sloane is shown tied on a chair
then she prepares to torment something
she think is a hologram of sloan
the first button shocks sloan while the
second saturates her a third button
shows her having an affair and another
uploads it on sloan's facebook
next her husband is seen viewing it and
chatting to sloane on the phone
he claims she's been gone for two days
leading melanie to assume it's a real
person her bully sloane
meanwhile as rorke pushes patrick to his
dream patrick is left alone on the
island damon later captures patrick in a
military uniform and warns him that
people die there then disappears as
troops arrive behind patrick they doubt
his story and return him to their
commander meanwhile jd and brax take a
tour around their party house
discovering a panicked room and
wondering whether all wealthy people had
panic rooms then they uncover an armory
full with weaponry firearms and grenades
when they throw a grenade into the water
patrick and the troops on the opposite
side of the island hear it the troops
return patrick to their commanding
officer the soldier reads his dog tags
and asks why his own name is on them in
a flash opposing fighters fire on them
frightening patrick who is subsequently
shot in faints
in melanie's dream dr torture enters the
torture room melanie takes the intercom
and tells him what to do since she
understood how to stop him
when he reaches for her right hand
melanie shocks him then throws water on
him electrocuting him she then smashes
the glass and free sloan pretending to
be kidnapped they flee into the forest
mr rourke refuses to assist jd and brax
when they are assaulted by guys and
masks the panic room door closes as the
masked guys enter the home and then the
bedroom
meanwhile dr torture comes up and
attempts to murder sloane and melanie
damon rescues her and instructs them to
follow him
meanwhile gwen has a bad dream but she
wakes up close to allen patrick dreams
about the same guy and wakes up
surrounded by troops the commanding
officer asks about his dog tags and the
picture in his wallet patrick informs
him the kid in the picture is him at age
nine
patrick says that he's his son and that
they're on the magical island that
fulfilled his greatest desire not to be
a soldier but to see his father again
patrick tells him he died a hero when he
was a child
boyne visits work the next morning he
informs her that she and alan had a
daughter named lyla flynn suddenly
remembers her kid and rorke says the
island is doing it he claims he heard
about the island where everything is
possible and had his wife seek for it
with him but she died before they got
there so he wanted for her to return
rourke encourages her to enjoy her new
life on the island now we are back at
the forest with the soldiers patrick's
father believes his story and wants to
leave the place because he does not want
to die patrick believes he must remain
to rescue his troops or he would regret
it forever like he did when he failed to
save someone his father refuses to
listen but patrick fights until he stays
the masked guys don't trust the brothers
tale about the island and keep demanding
where their money and narcotics are
because that's the reason of their raid
threatening jd he claims that it's in
the armory but the main man forces him
remain and takes breaks
boyne tells alan that this is everything
she ever wanted but she doesn't deserve
it she kisses him farewell and returns
to rourke who denies her plea for
another dream
damon leads the girls into a cave when
something emerges behind sloan
melanie sees the burned man as the group
travels through a flooded tunnel they
arrive to the cave's core where a
mystical rock shows them their hidden
wishes
damon tells them he discovered it while
investigating a client's request but
rourke locked him there because he's
wicked he offers melanie a canteen full
of miraculous spring water and instructs
her to get out of there damon tells them
how to leave this place and gives them a
paper with a pilot's number who can take
them away
sloane now remembers what happened
between her and melanie and she starts
to question melanie's fantasy
it seems like there is something more
about it one finds julia and tells her
she needs a new fantasy since she lost
someone in a fire she begs julia for
assistance telling her she wants her
real dream not a new one quinn rushes
into rorke's office accusing him of
lying to her since he didn't give her
the do-over she requested rorke agrees
and ditches her wedding ring claiming
it's what she has to do
the fantasy now starts gwen discovers
her apartment building on the other side
and rushes to it only to find it already
on fire
then she rushes up the stairs to find jd
and brax
wang gwen can't unlock her neighbor's
door she rushes to seek assistance and
stumbles into patrick he's scared to
assist and urges her to wait for the
fire department but she rushes in anyway
and falls from the smoke
meanwhile brax leads the guys to the
armory and he distracts them he fires a
huge shotgun through the locked door the
girls and damon hear the gunfire as they
move and suddenly dr torture attacks
them
damon pushes him over a cliff and falls
together with him
melanie grabs his map and they head to
the mansion
in the meantime patrick's dad tells him
to stay and take watch as he and his men
enter jd's and braxton's place brax
emerges from the armory with an ignited
grenade forcing the men to drop their
guns he then puts on a mask to hide his
identity from the other attackers when
the troops enter the house patrick
notices brax leading the masked men to
the den while holding the explosive
he believes it is the explosive that
would murder his father so he creeps up
to brax and begs him to turn around but
brax recognizes him and removes the mask
asking patrick what he's up to in his
dream when the main guy takes the
grenade and the other battles with
patrick his pistol goes off causing the
man protecting jd to glance around the
soldiers kill him and save patrick and
the models
when the troops arrive the main guy is
about to toss the grenade at them when
patrick kills him and brax grabs the
grenade before it falls
but then jd is shot and they all start
to flee
patrick's dad dies in the battle
then we say melanie again explaining
sloan what is really going on
then she realizes they can contact her
husband and give him the number of the
pilot instead of coming to the hotel
he agrees to assist
meanwhile julia saves gwen from the
burning flat
patrick and brax discover melanie and
sloan in the control room but work stops
them from going to the pier
suddenly gwen enters and informs them
she discovered their role in someone
else's dream thanks to her neighbor nick
they are all linked to nick and what
happened to him that night making this a
huge vengeance fantasy
everything that is happening is nick's
fault rorke verifies it but says they
must all die in exchange for next life
they all hear the aircraft in rush to
the pier but the disguised guy shoot it
down
the group flees into the forest
understanding they must destroy the cave
spring with a grenade to in the
fantasies
as soon as they enter the cave they
split off and strange things happen
patrick is assaulted by a zombie version
of his father who pursues him until he
strangles him melanie stabs patrick as
he exits the water dr torture appears
again and attacks sloan melanie arrives
and explains that the vengeance dream
was hers she must have arranged the
whole revenge dream on the island
because she had one very nice date with
nick but he died the night before they
were scheduled to have their second
melanie confronts them all about their
role in nick's tragic death and her
grief
sloane manages to divert her attention
long enough for gwen to get her dagger
and brax to get the explosives
when they get to the spring mr rourke
emerges takes the grenade and informs
them that he is imprisoned on the island
in order to be with his wife forever
dwayne begs him to help them but melanie
shows up and says the fantasy must end
the natural way and she throws a grenade
inside the well julia begs mr rourke to
help them
he decides to help and reveals them a
secret to end this madness
sloane must make a wish since she is the
only one who did not wish for anything
she then wishes for melanie and nick to
be together forever nick then appears
and drags melanie into the well but she
comes back and throws a grenade patrick
jumps on it to save the others
the next day the visitors prepare to
leave the island
mr rourke tells them he will stay on the
island and tells brax he still has a
wish since he was a part of his
brother's fantasy brax tells him he
wants his brother to be alive mr rourke
explains it is possible but he cannot
leave the island
as the movie ends we see jd alive again
thank you for watching if you want to
see more make sure to subscribe and turn
on notifications
see you later